1/31 (#143)
dolthub/weekly-updates: emails/2025-01-31.md

This is the weekly CEO update from [DoltHub](https://www.dolthub.com/). I'm Tim, the CEO of DoltHub. 

> It's our annual company get together in Santa Monica this weekend. We have offices in Seattle and Santa Monica and a handful of remote folks. It will be nice to see everyone in person, except [Zach](https://www'dolthub.com/team#zach).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's our annual company get together in Santa Monica this weekend. We have offices in Seattle and Santa Monica and a handful of remote folks. It will be nice to see everyone in person, except [Zach](https://www.dolthub.com/team#zach).
```

### Dolt vs MongoDB

> We're starting to think that [Prolly Trees are the best way to store JSON in a database](https://www.dolthub.com/blog/2024-07-15-json-prolly-trees/). Dolt has taken the Pepsi challenge against [MySQL](https://www.dolthub.com/blog/2024-09-09-json-mysql-vs-dolt/), [Postgres](https://www.dolthub.com/blog/2024-09-22-json-postgres-vs-dolt/), and [SQLite](https://www.dolthub.com/blog/2024-11-18-json-sqlite-vs-dolt/) on our JSON benchmarks and come out on top. This week, [Nick](https://www.dolthub.com/team#nick) has [Dolt take on the JSON database itself, MongoDB](https://www.dolthub.com/blog/2025-01-30-json-mongodb-vs-dolt/). Dolt is compares favorably to MongoDB for most operations and can handle larger documents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're starting to think that [Prolly Trees are the best way to store JSON in a database](https://www.dolthub.com/blog/2024-07-15-json-prolly-trees/). Dolt has taken the Pepsi challenge against [MySQL](https://www.dolthub.com/blog/2024-09-09-json-mysql-vs-dolt/), [Postgres](https://www.dolthub.com/blog/2024-09-22-json-postgres-vs-dolt/), and [SQLite](https://www.dolthub.com/blog/2024-11-18-json-sqlite-vs-dolt/) on our JSON benchmarks and come out on top. This week, [Nick](https://www.dolthub.com/team#nick) has [Dolt take on the JSON database itself, MongoDB](https://www.dolthub.com/blog/2025-01-30-json-mongodb-vs-dolt/). Dolt compares favorably to MongoDB for most operations and can handle larger documents.
```
